#882 S3 File Transfer Strategy (#907)
AgnostiqHQ/covalent: doc/source/concepts/concepts.rst

    ct.fs.FileTransfer(from_remote_file, to_local_file, strategy=strategy)

S3
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. warning:: S3 must be installed on an electron’s backend execution environment. It can be installed using :code:`pip install boto3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: AWS Python SDK must be installed on an electron’s backend execution environment. It can be installed using :code:`pip install boto3`
```

If one of the files is a S3 bucket location (s3://repository-name/file-path) S3 strategy will be used. For accessing the S3 bucket necessary credentials (aws_access_key_id, aws_secret_access_key, aws_session_token, region_name) can be passed to it. In case they are not provided default values described in the environment will be used.

The following will perform an S3 file transfer operation to download a remote file and place in the specified local filepath::

    import covalent as ct

>     strategy = ct.fs_strategies.S3(aws_access_key_id = '...', aws_secret_access_key = '...', aws_session_token = '...', region_name = '...')

Reviewer: modify if the earlier suggestions are implemented

Author: No changes are required here. Inputting the parameters is optional. If not provided, default values are assumed.
